hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is a filler video because I'm
slammed at work this week I don't have
time to do like a regular review video
but I hit 50,000 subs the other day and
wanted to thank you guys for the amazing
support that it took to reach this sub
count thank you I mean I can't even
express in words just how appreciative I
am for the support that you guys have
given me over the past 10 months because
it takes it I mean I put a lot of effort
into these videos a lot I mean some of
these videos take like 15 sometimes 20
hours to bang one out and like I do it
because I really give a about these
videos I spend way too much time on them
my wife thinks I'm crazy and my friends
think I'm nuts my work suffers heavily
because of this YouTube channel but I do
it because you guys are awesome the
community that we've built over the past
10 months is just like phenomenal really
appreciate that so I've been doing this
for like 10 months yeah 50 videos 50,000
subs thank you so much I'm doing a
giveaway it's an iPhone 6s comes in any
color that you choose so silver space
grey gold or rose gold so it's gonna be
a 64 gigabyte model you choose the color
but what makes this one special is that
the robots addy Brandt cut a skin that's
been color matched to the Dave 2d logo
so that teal color you see here won't be
on any other phone other than the person
who wins this contest so it's pretty
special now personally I think the teal
looks best with the silver and white
model like the tf2d logo but if the
winner wants a different colored iPhone
6's like a rose gold or a Space Gray
that's cool too okay so to win this
thing you write one comments down below
it can be anything something positive or
some constructive criticism I was also
super hateful as long as you have a
mailing address you need to have a
mailing address anywhere in the world
that I can mail to you are eligible to
win and the contest runs until October
23rd after the 23rd I'll be doing the
draw probably in the 24th or 25th I'll
be announcing the winner on Twitter so
I'll see you there it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time